why always with the expensive keyboards
huh what does a $200 keyboard do then a
$20 one won't well I decided to find out
I ordered every backlit keyboard on
amazon.com under $25 to see who makes
the one that's worth your money will it
be
Shenzhen good source technology co
limited as the O Corp or one by one well
there's only one way to find out well
two ways if you count just scrolling
down to the Amazon links in the video
description
I buy power and MSI's new lineup of
gaming laptops feature Intel seventh
generation core i7 processors check them
out at the link below
first up is the DB power DB a8 a $25
product whose information I can no
longer find since the page has been
removed from Amazon since I ordered it
it's just as well I guess since this one
kind of sucks it features a tricolor
backlight with red blue or purple colors
available but the membrane key switches
are very mushy and there's too much flex
in the deck for a comfortable gaming
experience
next is the CE shaun87 keys fashion
classic the marketing material suggests
that it might give you a great shock but
based on what I saw of the build quality
that seems very unlikely this thing is a
tank for a $23 keyboard you get cable
management holes on the bottom and
function media keys along the top the
key switches are among the best rubber
domes that I felt for typing though I
wish they'd included a wrist rest
instead of this random mouse pad and the
stems are cherry NX compatible so the
cats can be easily replaced but I don't
think you'd ever need to their premium
double shot injection key caps you'd
wear through your fingers first the keys
are individually lit and while the
colors can't be adjusted the animations
can giving the fashion classic a
charming retro look the gaming
experience was not great however due to
the very long key travel and the narrow
Enter key is a bit of a bummer the N ped
case 70 turned out to be the Moto speed
K 70 L when it actually arrived so I
ended up with two of the same thing good
thing it was only 20 bucks the static
rainbow backlight was a bit of a
disappointment as were the horrible
painted key caps that actually have
overspray between them but at 20 bucks
the K 70 L offers up a middle of the
pack
being experienced and one of the best
gaming experiences in spite of its much
higher than average deck flex the lack
of media keys and the narrow Enter key
heard it though so even with the drain
holes for water resistance I'd go with
something else the TK red from tech
Republic is a little on the heavier side
which gives it a higher-quality feel
along with its media keys and other
function shortcuts but beyond my initial
impressions it flexes a lot has a very
basic backlight setup with only on and
off and most importantly has very mushy
feeling keys that were unsatisfying for
both typing and gaming not to mention
that the price went up to over $30.00
since I bought it fail II the L 70 from
a Zeo is one of the more basic keyboards
in our roundup the backlight is not
exceptionally bright and just turns on
and off there are no media keys other
than a large volume knob and it doesn't
boast a waterproof design or any other
gimmick but it does include a large
comfortable wrist rest the key switches
feel pretty darn good for a $24 membrane
keyboard and the coating on the key caps
held up significantly better to my nice
tip test then some of the other
keyboards I tested so your mileage may
vary the top negative review on Amazon
complains about them flaking after four
months the backspace also isn't
especially well stabilized but overall
the typing experience is the best out of
the bunch and quite quiet though for
gaming I found the slow rebound time of
the long travel rubber domes to be
detrimental for anything more fast-paced
than very casual play the award for the
worst instruction goes to the one by one
I managed to figure out how to cycle the
colors on my own but I stumbled on
trying to figure out what the hell the
function key is for turns out that the F
Keys have secondary functions that
aren't labeled and many of which are
replicated with Hardware buttons in the
row above but after some trial and error
I unlocked its backlight animation and
brightness controls too bad I couldn't
unlock anything else that's exceptional
about this keyboard the dedicated media
keys are nice but the short backspace is
enough to kill any positivity I might
have felt towards the decent typing and
gaming experience with the annoyingly
loud shift keys being the final nail in
the coffin there's not a lot to say
about the large print tricolor keyboard
from a zo
that isn't in its name the typing
experience is pretty bad out of the box
because the spacebar is kind of hard to
hit but it becomes serviceable with a
wrist rest and the gaming experience is
straight-up bad but this is one of the
few backlit keyboards that doesn't try
to be for gaming nope this one is for
nan and the whole pitch is that the
printing on the key caps is super easy
to read mission accomplished then I
suppose so if that's what you're after
then go ham highly recommended the red
dragon K 503 harp has got to be the best
gaming experience so far and it's pretty
good for typing except that the spacebar
has got to be the softest
Bunji at least tactile thing ever but
the rebound speed on all key presses is
pretty strong and it's got a lot of
other great features as well including
seven different colors for the
backlighting media keys and dedicated
function keys including search browser
forward and back and refresh for some
reason overall construction is
middle-of-the-road
but it seems like they're at least aware
of the issue and they made a plan I mean
sure the key cap paint is likely to wear
off but you can just swap your wasds for
the arrow keys no big deal LOL this
keyboard the superbee peg 7 immutable
felt a little like a bad tinder date in
person it looks nowhere near as good as
the picture it gets some points for
function keys backlight brightness
control and swappable WASD and
arrow keys to run the on screen printing
wears off but it should be noted that
since the keys
to use dye sublimation printing light
doesn't shine through the lettering
meaning you can't really see it that
well in the dark gaming responsiveness
is pretty solid but the typing
experience especially the spacebar is
very mushy and unsatisfying overall not
recommended the narrow enter is just
adding insult to injury finally our last
contestant the maseo's LED gaming
keyboard I don't know if any keyboard
can be as good as this ones product page
says it is but overall impressions are
not too bad the Enter key is narrow
which is a drag but it's got a lot of
other stuff going for it seven different
colors of backlight breathing effects
for the lighting high-quality double
shot keycaps the second best wrist rest
in the roundup and an above average
typing and gaming experience leaving us
to the awards top style points go to the
C shaun87 Keys fashion classic this
thing has so much swagger for 25 bucks
love it the best typing experience goes
to the as vo levitron l 70 with its
great wrist rest and solid overall build
quality than for gaming I've got to give
it to the red dragon K 503 harp lots of
colors good responsiveness and solid
typing - you can't go wrong with any of
those three and the massey ohm or the
1x1 are good options to everything else
kind of junk don't buy it tunnel bear is
a VPN and a VPN is basically a way of
keeping your internet activity private
from your internet service provider and
keeping your location private from the
websites and services that you use and
there are additional benefits as well
like being able to access geo locked
content online so you can download
tunnel there which is super simple it's
available for iOS Android PC and Mac
they've even got a Chrome extension you
turn on the button you pick whatever
country you want in boom you're a little
bear
to wherever it is and you are ready to
browse the internet privately they have
a top rated privacy policy and they do
not log your activity and you can try it
for free by going to tunnel Vericom
slash LPT where you can also save 10% on
a paid plan so thanks for watching guys
like or dislike check out the links
where you can buy all the stuff in the
video description also make sure you get
subscribed so you don't miss any of our
future videos join our community forum
check out our merch store and I will see
you again next time